Przemek Sobstel
===============

## SYNOPSIS

Lean Full Stack Developer

<a href="https://github.com/sobstel/">github</a> |
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/219272/sobstel">stackoverflow</a> |
<a href="https://twitter.com/sobstel">twitter</a> |
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sobstel/">linkedin

## ENVIRONMENT

Ruby, Rails, React Native, React, PHP

## CURRENT

**Nabobil** [www.nabobil.no][nabobil]<br>
Nabobil.no is a marketplace that connects people that needs a car with people that owns a car.
One of the best Norwegian startups.

## HISTORY

[AppJobs][appjobs], [Protipster][protipster], Tip of the Day,
[Soccerway][soccerway], [Scoresway][scoresway],
[Opta Core API][opta-core], Navitracer, Intragame and a quite few more...

## PRIVATE

**Hydropuzzle** [www.hydropuzzle.com][hydropuzzle], [app store][hydropuzzle-as]<br>
Surreal tech puzzle adventure for iOS. Built with React Native. Nearly 20k downloads at the App Store.

**Golazon** [www.golazon.com][golazon], [source][golazon-gh]<br>
Football data mnmlist way. Ruby/preact/riot/hyperapp.

## OPEN SOURCE

**Sequent** [source](https://github.com/sobstel/sequent "Sequent")<br>
Short-term memory training game (mobile). Built with React Native and Redux.

**Metaphore** [source](https://github.com/sobstel/metaphore "Metaphore")<br>
Cache slam defense using a semaphore to prevent dogpile effect. Built with PHP.

## SKILLS

Ability to ignore new tools and technologies,
taste for simplicity,
preference for code deletion,
humility

## LEAN MENTALITY

[Eliminate waste](https://gist.github.com/sobstel/d9a55c5bc99f2cb67642a8ccd7562ded),
amplify learning, decide as late as possible, decide as fast as possible, empower the team, build integrity in, see the whole

## REMOTE

[I work remotely](https://www.instagram.com/sobsteldev/)

## GISTS

{% for gist in site.data.gists limit:5 %}
  <a href="{{ gist.url }}">{{ gist.title }}</a> ({{ gist.date | date: "%b %Y" }})<br>
{% endfor %}
<a href="/gists/">gists index &gt;</a>

## BLOG

{% for post in site.posts limit:5 %}
  <a href="{{ post.url }}">{{ post.title }}</a> ({{ post.date | date: "%b %Y" }})<br>
{% endfor %}
<a href="/blog/">blog archive &gt;</a>

## CONTACT

przemek@sobstel.org
