sobstel - Przemek Sobstel
=========================

## SYNOPSIS

I speak programming and I build software.

## HISTORY

Currently working at [Baytekin][baytekin]</a> where we use **Symfony**,
**Rails**, **Vue.js** and **React Native** to build engaging products
like [AppJobs][appjobs], [Protipster][protipster] and [Tip of the Day][tofd].

Previously worked at [PERFORM][perform] and [GSM/Opta][gsm] where I
contributed to [Soccerway][soccerway], [Opta Core API][gsm-api] and
a sports data hosted platform. More at [linkedin][].

## ENVIRONMENT

Trending: **React Native**, ES6, **Ruby**, Rails, REST APIs.

Other: PHP, MySQL, PostgreSQL, HTML5/CSS3, Sass, Docker, JWT, Redux,
Hyperapp, Memcached, git, RabbitMQ, MongoDB, Heroku, Laravel.

Once upon a time: Ionic2, Angular2, TypeScript, CoffeeScript,
ElasticSearch, Symfony, Doctrine, Zend Framework.

## PROJECTS

**Hydropuzzle** [web](http://www.sobstel.org/hydropuzzle/ "Hydropuzzle"), [app store](https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1294812505?ls=1&mt=8 "Hydropuzzle")<br>
Surreal tech adventure game for iOS. Built with React Native.

**Golazon** [www.golazon.com](http://www.golazon.com/ "Golazon"), [github](https://github.com/sobstel/golazon "Golazon")<br>
Football data mnmlist way. Built with Hyperapp and Ruby.

## OPEN SOURCE

**Sequent** [github](https://github.com/sobstel/sequent "Sequent")<br>
Short-term memory training game (mobile). Built with React Native and Redux.

**Metaphore** [github](https://github.com/sobstel/metaphore "Metaphore")<br>
Cache slam defense using a semaphore to prevent dogpile effect.

**Sesshin** [github](https://github.com/sobstel/sesshin "Sesshin")<br>
PHP secure advanced session manager.

**jsonp.js** [github](https://github.com/sobstel/jsonp.js "jsonp.js")<br>
Lightweight JSONP library for cross-domain ajax calls.

**scru.js** [github](https://github.com/sobstel/scru.js "scru.js")<br>
Lazy loading with dependencies.

**SyncedSideBar** [github](https://github.com/TheSpyder/SyncedSideBar "SyncedSideBar")<br>
Sublime Text plugin to sync project sidebar (folder view) with currently active file.
I've had created it, later taken over by TheSpyder.

## AUTHOR

przemek@sobstel.org

## SEE ALSO

[github][], [gists](/gists/), [blog](/blog/),
[twitter][], [instagram][], [stackoverflow][], [linkedin][]
