USAGE
=====

+10 years of commercial experience
(selected past/present projects below)

## PRESENT


## PAST

`APPJOBS` [www][appjobs]<br>
All sharing economy jobs in one place.
**Team:** 2 devs, designer.
**Role:** lead developer (backend [api/admin] / frontend / devops).
**Stack**: Ruby/Rails, PostgreSQL, Vue, JWT/Auth0, Heroku, Sass.
(2017-2018)

`TIP OF THE DAY` [appstore][tofd]<br>
Best betting tips.
**Team:** 2 devs, designer.
**Role:** core dev, idea.
**Stack:** React Native.
(2017)

`HYDROPUZZLE` [www][hydropuzzle], [appstore][hydropuzzle-as]<br>
Surreal tech adventure puzzle game for iOS.<br>
**Role**: private project.
**Stack**: React Native.
(2017)

`GOLAZON` [www][golazon], [github][golazon-gh]<br>
Football data mnmlst way.<br>
**Role**: private project.
**Stack**: Hyperapp, Ruby, HTML5/CSS3.
(2016-2017)

`PROTIPSTER` [www][protipster]<br>
Virtual betting platform.<br>
**Team:** 4-8 developers, 2 designers (flat structure).
**Role:** backend developer, devops.
**Stack**: Symfony/PHP, Doctrine, MySQL, RabbitMQ, Vue, Chimp,
Ionic2, Laravel, Sass.
(2014-2016)

`SOCCERWAY` [www][soccerway]<br>
One of the biggest football websites on the planet.<br>
**Team**: 2-5 developers.
**Role:** lead developer.
**Stack**: PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, memcached.
(2010-2012)

`OPTA HOSTED PLATFORM`<br>
Soccer-only one-brand Soccerway turned into multi-sport
multi-client highly configurable hosted platform.
Clients list included Microsoft/MSN, FOX Sports, Opera Sports,
CONCACAF, CBC Canada, Yahoo!, ESPN, Al Jazeera and more.<br>
**Team**: 2-5 developers.
**Role**: lead developer.
**Stack**: PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, memcached.
(2010-2014)

`OPTA CORE API`<br>
Data feeds for probably the widest possible range of sports
competitions across the globe.<br>
**Team**: 2-5 developers.
**Role**: lead developer.
**Stack**: PHP, MySQL, memcached, ElasticSearch.
(2010-2014)

`POLIFICTION` [github](https://github.com/sobstel/komixin)<br>
Political comic strips. Done for fun, got pretty popular,
eventually closed due to lack of enough interest for the
Polish political scene.<br>
**Team**: 2 developers.
**Role**: whole website.
**Stack**: Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, Sass, AMF.
(2011)

`CASINO DUO`<br>
**Stack**: Ruby, Rails, MySQL, SOAP.
(2010)

`INTRAGAME`<br>
Gaming website and affiliate system. First version done fully
by myself only, including server setup and administration.
**Team**: 1-2 developers, designer.<br>
**Stack**: PHP, MySQL, CSS, JavaScript, SOAP.
(2008-2010)

`OAK HOSTING`<br>
Seamless integration with cPanel and webmail, SEO ranks reader
and reports generator for clients. Dedicated account setup automation scripts.<br>
**Stack**: PHP, MySQL, CSS, Ubuntu.
(2009-10)

`NAVITRACER`<br>
Truck GPS tracking system (API, web interface, admin interface).<br>
**Stack**: PHP, MySQL, Zend Framework, Doctrine.
(2009)

`SKLEP BIEGACZA`<br>
E-commerce store for runners. Done very first version (sadly not available anymore).<br>
**Stack**: PHP, MySQL, Doctrine, HTML/CSS, JavaScript.
(2007)

... and dozens of other web apps and small websites.

## SEE ALSO

[sobstel][]
